CLI Resume Postprocessing (#539)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/services/s-list/postprocessing.adoc

* `abort` (abort post-processing, keep the file) and 
* `continue` (continue post-processing, this is the success case).

== CLI Commands

> === Resume Postprocessing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Resume Post-Processing
```

> If postprocessing fails in one step due to an unforseen error, current uploads will not be retried automatically. Starting with Infinite Scale release 3.1, a system admin can instead run a CLI command to retry the failed upload which is a two step process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If post-processing fails in one step due to an unforeseen error, current uploads will not be retried automatically. Starting with Infinite Scale release 3.1, a system administrator can instead run a CLI command to retry the failed upload which is a two step process:
```

* First, find the upload ID of the failed upload.
+
[source,bash]
----
ocis storage-users uploads list
----

> * Then use the restart command to resume postprocessing of the ID selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Then use the restart command to resume post-processing of the ID selected.
```
